yeah or marmots course with it you can
play league with enemy yeah do this I
hope it's like one guy in full weather
ready to kick our asses their thing
without the epic guy and pull other
killed us very all of us no iron I'm
getting raped by like 20 zombies that I
can't even move damn
sticky damage brands me I hit him on to
hit him once in a month
oh this knifes for me oh all right I
think the Tommies are doing the work for
us
oh my god he's gonna die - zombies
actually another player I'm sure other
players on your left on your luvin funny
who has a Barrett
what Oh God dude I was getting ranked
plays on this dude well I get any hit
fight oh my gosh hell I shot him I shot
a Margaret you should be really low
Brian hey space pork oh don't worry
like me and my pissed about one shot by
I successful we're just teleported every
MVP
yeah I'm a captain yeah I have to run
first I can't go balls deep and turtle
boots Jim we not kill one no I got one
shot by I successful yeah I got one shot
by him too
are you putting up late because it was
the last thing I did enter up Hey I
don't know for every single person
restain let's go everything we staying
what do you mean kind of here
yeah I'm leaving it has some key making
my league profile count that as a win
oh it did it's sweet let's go okay now I
have 51 LP that was stupid
it's kidding there's a kid up tool that
work that way dude then last league
match with smash come on in the hill
have on the hill watch off a sniper
votes your one shot right now that cho
gath will get really tanky with that Oh
have you guys a male
crippled man tower dive a co gasps no no
no that was the only reason I died on
that is because a paschal was like three
second I got a play are gonna play huh
was it
so scared right now mr. Chuck try this
go try to loot his body yes coming in
full the kill
did you kill my I took water it was it I
successful he one shot me he one shot me
to see how many fucks I cannot give
while running around circles in these
games Wow Elam why were you streaming
ins if there's one person that I was
following online and it was hoping
there's somebody else but where's this
you gonna be I'm behind him hello Burke
now killed another killed another killed
another baked pork lamb Opie and their
lamb I can't wait I killed I think I
killed it the guy with it TK TK check
that hill I was shooting at the whole
time I killed him the one you're looking
at the one you're going to there's a
dead by any of the top of it yeah I just
killed him oh he's got a Barret I'm
pretty sure hey there's a guy going for
you guy go if you've leather leather
there tp'ing back I'm shooting them I
got one I told you I need hamburgers
it's real steel I don't know I'm rushing
now
oh he's back finally enjoy a giveaway on
my Barrett guys the three that's rated a
street fight there's no delay no stay
back stay back them up there I can't
like I'm getting come on killer oh my
god
I'm so bummed I just spent roots food so
hard you know let's not get all this
stuff next to me I died died I'd get my
stuff get my stuff get myself I can't my
oh my god fuck